---
layout: post
title: "Implementing and Improving your Salesforce System with PACED"
date: 2020-10-22
comments: true
author: Rob Wright
authorAvatar: ''
bio: ""
published: true
authorIsRacker: true
categories:
    - SalesForce
metaTitle: "Implementing and Improving your Salesforce System with PACED"
metaDescription: "Use PACED for a successful technology implementation experience"
ogTitle: "Implementing and Improving your Salesforce System with PACED"
ogDescription: "Use PACED for a successful technology implementation experience"
slug: "implementing-and-improving-your-salesforce-system-with-paced"

---

Use PACED for a successful technology implementation experience so that your
systems stays relevant as you continue to evolve your business.

<!--more-->

PACED is Rackspace’s process and technology implementation methodology that we
have used successfully in over 1,700 projects.  It leverages flexible and agile
techniques that are useful for new [Salesforce implementations](/blog/process-first-the-importance-of-business-process-reviews-for-salesforce-implementation/)
as well as systems that have evolved and matured over time with your company’s
growth.  Our phase-based approach is aimed at creating a predictable outcome for
your project with a sharp and collaborative focus on using technology to attain
your business goals.

**Prepare**: Our goal is to help you achieve the earliest possible return on
your investment in Salesforce while balancing the amount of time that is
required from your team to make the project successful.  As collaboration is a
key element to success, we map the planned activities to a timeline so the right
knowledge holders are engaged at the right time.  We also align our execution
plan to your key business milestones so we can jointly measure progress in an
intelligent way. This phase ensures that we have a well-organized start to your
project and ensures that your business goals are top of mind for all project
team members.

**Architect**: We work with you and your knowledge holders to understand your
business process and determine the business and technical success factors for
your project. If there are opportunities for complexity reduction, we review
this with you as it will often create efficiencies within your organization.  We
then synthesize our understanding of your process into clear requirements for a
business-aligned Salesforce system.  This gives you the opportunity to
prioritize the requirements that drive results and potentially diminish the
‘nice to haves’ from your system design.  Building on a minimum viable product
basis and then adding features will keep your goals in focus. Any unused ideas
are cataloged for future phases. Once the design is finalized, we turn our
attention to the plan for training your teams.  This is to ensure that you will
have excellent adoption in Salesforce as it is molded around your business.

**Construct**: This step is the physical implementation of your Salesforce
system. Through the previous steps, we created an outline of your system through
careful planning and preparation, but now we can fill in the blanks of your
system to make it functional. Our teams create the technical foundation that
will enable your Salesforce system to scale as your business grows. We layer in
the customizations that make your implementation as unique and distinct as your
business. If connections to other systems are part of your design, those
interfaces are established. This is also the time where any [Salesforce AppExchange](https://appexchange.salesforce.com/) products are installed to add
additional capabilities to your system. As we iterate through constructing
Salesforce around your business goals, we invite your verification of key
processes and design elements so that the system will deliver your functional
requirements.

**Evaluate**: We request that your team members aligned to the project evaluate
the system against the requirements established earlier in the project.  This
goes beyond the idea of user acceptance testing as we want to ensure that
Salesforce delivers the capabilities that will allow you to measure and manage
your business.  Key business rules and process workflows that were implemented
should be evaluated to ensure that you will achieve top-down and bottom-up
success when using the system. Dashboards should be evaluated for ease of use
and at-a-glance readability of success metrics. Any defects are logged,
addressed and retested.  We perform our final preparations for training your
trainers and/or your team and get your Salesforce system ready for the final
phase.

**Deploy**: The last phase of our methodology transfers the updated process and
technology to you and your team for operational use. We load any applicable
legacy data into Salesforce and activate any interfaces with your other systems.
If we performed any coding as part of your project, that code is transferred
from your development sandbox to your production environment.  You are now live
on Salesforce with your business-specific customizations!  We execute the
training plan to create the competencies on your team that will drive adoption
of the system and deliver your business results. Before closing the project, we
execute a review with you to ensure that all deliverables are completed and that
there is a plan in place to maintain your system. The catalog of ideas that were
captured earlier in our methodology usually form next steps for further
enhancements.  We offer continued collaboration to keep pace with your company’s
plans for long-term success with Salesforce so that the system stays relevant as
you continue to evolve your business.

At Rackspace, it is part of our mission to help enable your business through our
technology implementation. Contact us today to help get started on realizing the
full potential of your business through a unique Salesforce software system.

<a class="cta purple" id="cta" href="https://www.rackspace.com/salesforce">Learn
more about our Application Services for Salesforce CRM.</a>

Use the Feedback tab to make any comments or ask questions. You can also click
**Sales Chat** to [chat now](https://www.rackspace.com/) and start the conversation.
